But you just have to slightly modified them, as per the topic heading getting my point, so maybe implementation of the algorithm may be there in the corresponding coating part of something of that sort for P students. It'S a part of, for example, implementation sweetest have to modify a little bit as per your format. Ok, so don't please assume that whatever I am teaching right now is 100 % same is what to write in the same way. I know you have to modify Jassi of format. I was basically downloading that format on so so for the teach tutal. Ok. So let us start. Let me share my screen. I hope you will be able to see in my skin then the said it is, and this is this university format, so kindly don't make any modifications to deserve. Ok, I hope my screen is visible to everyone. Very first page letter start with the very first page University of Mumbai. For you, the year would be 2021 2022. Is it ok? The next the caller's name is going to come. Is the screen visible is paying me, then college Emblem is going to come over here. Then, after that project synopsis report on this type, the title, your students, you have to write your title, ok, bye and then, when you are, writing title unnecessary, don't make a title 100, don't make it in other way. Whatever is the phone, I mean the aerial 18. You have to abide to the same one: ok Sarai the title here by in cats same as it is, don't make any unnecessary change type. The names of the group members, ok, guided by, for example. Here you can write my name, please write the spelling correctly. Is it clear to everyone, don't add anything extra? This is how you will write my name same as it is. So, if you all want you can copy this next, your roll number is going to come here. Number 12. If there are four members in the group, kindly at one row write the name properly see you on can see, it is left. Justified means when you are writing name. You have to left justify this. Ok is it here? If you have any doubt and the you can ping me in between also for you, it is 20 semester. 7. Ok, not a c v semester. 7. This time so make the changes are necessary changes over time. The title next year, students, your internal guide, sign later on, we will add and I'll ask the examiner sign, also data to be added in the report. Ok, now after this, this is the acknowledgment given over your 